Clarify what Astro is in the README (#1487)
withastro/docs: README.md

## We are Astro

> Astro is a website build tool for the modern web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro is an all-in-one web framework for building fast, content-focused websites.
```
Hey @MarcusOtter! Thanks for this, and you're right... what's there is pretty dated. 😅 

This is what we use in Docs itself, on our getting started page and in "Why Astro?" What do you think about copying this?

Author: I think that's a wonderful suggestion 🎉
